Author: BitBot software developers from UCI.

This is the latest version, version 1.0, of our chat application "ChatBot".

To extract the file, type gtar xvzf Chat_V1.0_src.tar.gz.

To install, please type make. 
To start the application, please type ./bin/chat zuma 7777.
To run the server, type ./bin/server 7777.

Makefile:	-To generate the server and chat executables, type make.
		-To clean files, type make clean.
		-To test, type make test.
		-To test gui, type test-gui.
		-To test communication, type test-comm.
		Sometimes you need to change the port number or/and server host in Makefile, 
			if the port is taken or the host is not working.


Features:   1- LOG IN: 	Press "log in", after entering username and password, to login to your account.
			Press "New user" to go to register page.
                    	Press "Forget password?" to go to a page where is possible to recover the password.
          2- REGISTER:	Press "submit", after entering all required data, to create new account.
                        You can go to this page by clicking New user in the login page.
         3- HOME PAGE:  Press "your friend's name" to chat with him/her.
			Press "Log off" to log off, and go to login page.
			Press "Settings" to go to the settings page.
			Press "X" to delete a friend.
			Press "Friend request Icon", will only show if you have friends requests, to go to friend requests page.
			Press "Add friend Icon" to go to add friend Page.
			Friends who are online are displayed with green buttons, while offline friends are displayed in red. 
			Each friend can be deleted pressing the x next to it.
   4- FRIEND REQUESTS:	Press "Accept" or "Decline" to accept or decline a friend request.
			Press "Home page Icon" to go to home page.
			The friends requests button shows number of requests pending and directs to a page where it is possible
			to accept or decline the requests.
              5- CHAT:  Press "Send" to send a message.
			Press "Home page Icon" to go to home page.
        6- ADD FRIEND:  Press "search", after entering a username, to display possible matches.
			Press "+" to send a friend request, if the username was found. 
          7- SETTINGS:  Press "Edit" to reset your password.
    8- RESET_PASSWORD:  Press "submit", after entering required inputs, to reset password.
			Press "Return to Settings" to go back to settings page.
  9- RECOVER_PASSWORD:  Press "Submit", after entering required inputs, to get your password back.

Status: 		All features are implemented and working.
			We implemented 4 extra features: 1- Recover password
							 2- Friend requests 
							 3- Offline chat (messages will be recived when logged in)
							 4- Reset password
                        All our documents are up to date.
		
This version is released on Monday March 19, 2018. 
